Why should live streaming hosts come to work so early?
Ah I forgot you don't have any work to do
The executives who are going to unite today will announce
The female live streaming host of "Financial News" belongs to me
Finance is not your strong suit at all
If you want to force me
You have to look at your own strength
I am diligent and studious
In the future, as long as Boss Wang gives more guidance
I'm just around the corner to surpass you
Boss Wang, doing business and doing shows are two different things.
You are a master in the business world
I must be able to see people with discerning eyes
If you invest in him, he messes up the show
It may affect your reputation
Boss Wang, he actually doubted your strength and didn't kick him out yet.
Xu live streaming host said it is not unreasonable
According to the meaning of live streaming host
Who should I sponsor?
Of course, someone who is capable and motivated
Hahahaha
Xu live streaming host is quite interesting
But compared to those who work hard
I know more about appreciation
A woman who knows the rules
If Boss Wang insists on going his own way
Then I won't accompany you
Alien Tower no longer has a place for you.
Still holding on
We made a bet
If I could interview the direct grandson of the king
You quit
The one who doesn't leave now is you
you
I believe that Boss Wang is someone who has the ability to distinguish right from wrong
So who has the ability?
You should be able to see for yourself.
Boss Wang
Xu Shiyang
I must trample you under my feet
Let you never turn over